---
title: Weeknote-001:24
date: 2024-08-11 20:31
tags: #100DaysToOffload, weeknotes
---

This week marks the beginning of my Weeknote series. I'm excited to share that I successfully published this blog on GitHub Pages! Overall, it was a fun week. While there isn't much to say in this inaugural note, I did enjoy reading some articles and watching a few new movies.

In addition to these activities, I also managed to do some accounting for both my personal and business finances. I plan to dive deeper into these topics in future posts.

#### Articles I Read

When I came across [Kev Quirk's blog](https://kevquirk.com/) while browsing the internet, and it has become a significant source of inspiration for starting my own blog. Here are a few of his posts that resonated with me:

- [Why I Have a Blog](https://kevquirk.com/blog/why-i-have-a-blog) - (Kev Quirk)
- [Blogging for the Hell of It](https://kevquirk.com/blog/blogging-for-the-hell-of-it) - (Kev Quirk)
- [Blogs, Gardens, and Thinking Aloud in Public](https://kevquirk.com/blog/blogs-gardens-and-thinking-aloud-in-public) - (Kev Quirk)

#### Movies I Watched

- **Movie:** *The Instigators* (BRRip)  
  **Category:** Hollywood  
  **Description:** Follows two robbers who must go on the run with the help of one of their therapists after a theft doesn’t go as planned.  
  **Length:** 1:41 Hrs  
  **Downloads:** 379  
  **Total Parts:** 1  

- **Movie:** *Despicable Me 4* (BRRip)  
  **Category:** Hollywood  
  **Description:** Gru, Lucy, Margo, Edith, and Agnes welcome a new member to the family, Gru Jr., who is intent on tormenting his dad. Gru faces a new nemesis in Maxime Le Mal and his girlfriend Valentina, forcing the family to go on the run.  
  **Length:** 1:29 Hrs  
  **Downloads:** 1078  
  **Total Parts:** 1  

- **Movie:** *One Fast Move* (BRRip)  
  **Category:** Hollywood  
  **Description:** A young man seeks out his estranged father to pursue his dream of becoming a professional motorcycle racer. With help from his love interest and a motorcycle shop owner, he begins to break down the walls his father's absence created.  
  **Length:** 1:58 Hrs  
  **Downloads:** 307  
  **Total Parts:** 1

- **Movie**: _The Shakedown - BRRip_  
  **Category**: Hollywood  
  **Description**: When his mistress threatens to expose the secret of their affair, a respectable insurance broker seeks the help of his underworld brother to save his reputation  
  **Length**: 1:44 Hrs  
  **Downloads**: 298  
  **Total Parts:** 1  
